integration-tests/environments/electron/README.md, before:

# Realm JS tests running in an Electron environment

Install this environment with the `--no-optional` runtime flag:

```bash
npm install --no-optional
```

The `realm` and `realm-integration-tests` packages are listed as `optionalDependencies` in the `package.json` because `electron-builder` will only include packages listed in `dependencies` or `optionalDependencies` in the packaged `app.asar` file. We don't want to list the two in `dependencies` as that would pollute the `package-lock.json` and make it impossible to install changed versions of the archives.

Currently this directory consists of:
- `runner.js` which start the Mocha remote server and the Electron app (using the distribution package when available).
- An electron app in `./app` where:
  - `main.js` starts a hidden `BrowserWindow` (loading `index.html`), which either runs the tests (if `processType` is `main`) or lets the render process do the heavy lifting (when `processType` is `renderer`).
  - `index.html` simply requires the `renderer.js` file - nothing fancy.
  - `renderer.js` detects if it's supposed to run the tests and runs them.
  - `mocha.js` creates a mocha remote client and sets globals for the tests to use.

## Running the tests

To run tests in the main process:

    npm run test/main

To run tests in a renderer process:

    npm run test/renderer

To run tests in both processes in sequence:

    npm test

To package the test app for distribution:

    npm run package -- [{arguments for electron-builder}](https://www.electron.build/cli).

Commit message:

Upgrade React Native integration tests (#2603)
* Reinitialized React Native integration test App

* Added note on how-to upgrade the RN integration-test app

* Rebuilt the integration-test package-locks

* Copied over changes from the previous RN app

* Deleting the RN jest tests

* Updated readme, gitignore and packages

* Keep using Mocha 5

* Adding ios/Pods to .gitignore

* Adapting to the suggested code-style

* Temporarily disabling anything else than integration tests

* Packing up tests and renaming packages

* Only disabling other tests

* Use the nvm-wrapper.sh script

* Installing arhives on preinstall

* Updating the path of the nvm-wrapper script

* Interating

* Interating

* Using nvm only on ios

* Iterating

* Iterating

* Iterating

* Re-introducing the regular tests

* Removed an unneeded argument

* Updated docs

* Adding a note in the changelog

integration-tests/environments/electron/README.md, after:

# Realm JS tests running in an Electron environment

To install this environment, simply run:

```bash
npm install
```

The `realm` and `realm-integration-tests` packages are listed as local archive `dependencies` in the `package.json` because `electron-builder` will only include packages listed in `dependencies` in the packaged `app.asar` file. To avoid integrity checks failing when NPM compares the SHA of the archives with SHA in the package-lock.json we `npm install` the archives on `preinstall`.

Currently this directory consists of:
- `runner.js` which start the Mocha remote server and the Electron app (using the distribution package when available).
- An electron app in `./app` where:
  - `main.js` starts a hidden `BrowserWindow` (loading `index.html`), which either runs the tests (if `processType` is `main`) or lets the render process do the heavy lifting (when `processType` is `renderer`).
  - `index.html` simply requires the `renderer.js` file - nothing fancy.
  - `renderer.js` detects if it's supposed to run the tests and runs them.
  - `mocha.js` creates a mocha remote client and sets globals for the tests to use.

## Running the tests

To run tests in the main process:

    npm run test/main

To run tests in a renderer process:

    npm run test/renderer

To run tests in both processes in sequence:

    npm test

To package the test app for distribution:

    npm run package -- [{arguments for electron-builder}](https://www.electron.build/cli).
