# Bundle a Realm File - React Native SDK
Realm supports **bundling** realm files. When you bundle
a realm file, you include a database and all of its data in your
application download.

This allows users to start applications for the first time with a set of
initial data.

> **IMPORTANT:**
> The content on this page only applies to local realms.
>

> **WARNING:**
> This procedure doesn't work for React Native apps created with Expo.
>

## Procedure
Follow these steps to create and bundle a realm file for your React Native application.

#### Create a Realm File to Bundle
The easiest way to create a bundled realm for your React Native app is
to write a separate Node.js script to create the bundle.

You should use the `realm` package to create your bundle rather than `@realm/react`.

1. Build a temporary realm app that shares the data model of your
application.
2. Open a realm and add the data you wish to bundle.
```javascript
import Realm from "realm";
import { Dog } from "./schemas";

// open realm
const config = {
  schema: [Dog],
  path: "bundle.realm",
};
const realm = await Realm.open(config);

// add data to realm
realm.write(() => {
  realm.create("Dog", { name: "Jasper", age: 10, type: "Golden Retriever" });
  realm.create("Dog", { name: "Maggie", age: 12, type: "Collie" });
  realm.create("Dog", { name: "Sophie", age: 6, type: "German Shepard" });
});

realm.close();
```
3. Note the filepath of the bundled realm file. You'll need this file to use
the bundled realm in your production application, as described in the next
section.
```text
.
├── bundle.realm
... rest of files in _temp_ application
```

#### Bundle the Realm File with your App
Now that you have a copy of the realm that contains the initial data,
add the bundled realm file to your production application.
Where you place the bundled realm differs for iOS and Android
builds.

#### Android

1. Open up the `android` folder generated by React Native in Android Studio.
2. In the Project tree, navigate to `app > src > main`.
Right click the `main` directory. Create a new subdirectory named `assets`.
3. Drag the bundled realm file into the `assets` directory.

#### Ios

1. In Xcode, open up the `your_project_name.xcworkspace` file
inside of the `ios` directory generated by React Native.
2. Select your app in the project navigator and
select the Build Phases tab in the project overview.
3. Expand the Copy Bundle Resources item.
4. Click the + icon.
5. Click the Add Other... button.
6. Find your bundled realm file and add it. Don't change the default settings,
then select the Finish button.

#### Open the Bundled Realm in your App
The realm is now bundled and will be included when a user downloads the app.
To add the bundled realm file to your app's document directory, call `Realm.copyBundledRealmFiles()` before you open the realm.

`Realm.copyBundledRealmFiles()` adds all `*.realm` files from the application
bundle to the application documents directory. This method doesn't override
any existing files with the same name, so it's safe to call every time the
app starts.

Open the bundled realm with the same name and configuration that you specified when you initially
created the bundled realm.

Now that you have a copy of the realm included with your production
application, you need to add code to use it.

```javascript
import React from 'react';
import {createRealmContext, Realm} from '@realm/react';
import {Dog} from './schema';

Realm.copyBundledRealmFiles();

const realmContext = createRealmContext({schema: [Dog], path: 'bundle.realm'});
const {RealmProvider} = realmContext;

export default function OpenBundledRealm() {
  return (
    <RealmProvider>
      {/* Rest of app has access to objects pre-populated
          in the bundled realm. */}
      <RestOfApp />
    </RealmProvider>
  );
}
```

